April-12-2007
#############
:date: 2007-04-12 23:53
:author: admin
:category: MeetingNotes
:tags: MeetingNotes
:slug: april-12-2007
:status: published

.. raw:: html

   <div id="_mcePaste">

First Off, a big thank you to Jay and Reboot The User for allowing us to
have our meeting at Reboot The User. It worked out very well - nice
seeing your code on a 50" display! Jay also supplied the Internet access
too.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div id="_mcePaste">

While the meeting was small, I consider it to be successful. We talked a
little bit about `PyCon <http://www.python.org/pycon/>`__ and then moved
on to the email2rss project. There was discussion on the two major
packages used, libgmail and
`PyRSS2Gen <http://www.dalkescientific.com/Python/PyRSS2Gen.html>`__
module. You can see the outcome of the email2rss.py project at
http://www.dundeemt.com/rss/omaha-rss.xml (*editors note: feed no longer
works now that we switched backends*)Which is a RSS feed of the User
Group mail list.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div id="_mcePaste">

Other elements of the project discussed were:

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div id="_mcePaste">

-  slices
-  pickle module
-  option parsing
-  pylint
-  editors (`Komodo
   Edit/IDE <http://www.activestate.com/Products/komodo_ide/>`__ and
   `SciTE <http://www.scintilla.org/SciTE.html>`__)

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div id="_mcePaste">

There was an open discussion about Python in the work place. The
consensus seemed to be small skunk-work projects were ideal for
introducing the language. Python's ability to sling data and ability to
integrate with sysadmin type scripts make it ideal for this type of
assault.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

The wiki, mailing list and flyer were shown. Until the need presents
itself, we will continue to use the resources provided by the PSF. In
fact, there is an effort through the Python Advocacy group to enhance
user group resources. Go Advocacy!

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

There was discussion of the rumored ~Google-Plex / Council Bluffs. It
was agreed that this would be a good thing for the metro IT community if
it is true. Council Bluffs, IA sits across the Missouri River from
Omaha. A number of our members work in Council Bluffs.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

Pizza and Pop were provided by Dundee Media & Technology. Be sure to
mail the list with requests for toppings and flavors for the next
meeting, as DM&T will sponsoring the food and beverages for the meeting.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div id="_mcePaste">

Source: OmahaPythonUserGroup - `PythonInfo
Wiki <http://wiki.python.org/moin/OmahaPythonUserGroup>`__

.. raw:: html

   </div>
