April-20-2009
#############
:date: 2009-04-20 22:46
:author: admin
:category: MeetingNotes
:slug: april-20-2009
:status: published

Topics:
-------

-  `Django <http://www.djangoproject.com/>`__ is a high-level Python Web
   framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic
   design. and `Pinax <http://pinaxproject.com/>`__, a Django based
   platform for rapidly developing websites - Charles Kaminski

Charles led a lively discussion of his use of Pinax and Django while
create `Emily's Project <http://204.26.91.74/>`__ Emily's Project is an
effort to document pricing for different medicine's. As an example, a
major retailer may offer DrugX for $4 and DrugY for $100, while another
local outlet may offer DrugY for $28. Depending on your insurance or
lack thereof, this can make a big difference in the amount of money you
spend for medicine.

Charles researched a number of platforms to use in building this project
and had hoped to use a Python based solution. In his research on Django
he came across Pinax. Pinax is Django but in an easy to use format and
also with a number of Django apps that utilize the Pinax way of
interoperability. That means they are very easy to make work with one
another, leaving you to the work of developing your site, not figuring
out the proper way to wire the two apps together. As examples, Charles
showed off the Invite module. Invitations are a popular way of
controlling the number of users as you progress from alpha -> beta ->
gamma -> release. They've been used by Google and other sites with much
success. Wiring in invitations on Emily's Project was as simple as
enabling a module in Pinax. The same was true for the wiki component and
logins.

The demonstration also showed how easy it is to support multiple
languages and databases.
