Code of Conduct
###############
:date: 2018-03-24 20:27
:author: NaomiS
:slug: code-of-conduct
:status: published

Omaha Python User Group Code of Conduct

The Omaha Python User Group (OPUG) is dedicated to providing a
harassment-free community for everyone, regardless of sex, gender
identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical
appearance, age, body size, race, nationality, or religious beliefs. We
do not tolerate harassment of community members in any form.
Participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from
the community at the discretion of the OPUG organizers.

Harassment includes offensive verbal or written comments related to sex,
gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical
appearance, age, body size, race, nationality, or religious beliefs,
deliberate intimidation, threats, stalking, following, harassing
photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events,
inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Sexual
language and imagery is not appropriate for any OPUG event or
communication channel. Community members asked to stop any harassing
behavior are expected to comply immediately. Sponsors and presenters are
also subject to the anti-harassment policy.

If a community member engages in harassing behavior, the OPUG organizers
may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the
offender or expulsion from the OPUG community. If you are being
harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other
concerns, please contact a OPUG organizer immediately.

If you have questions or feedback about this Code of Conduct please
contact one of the organizers.

OPUG organizers developed this Code of Conduct to govern all OPUG events
and communication channels. We used the Geek Feminism Conference and PDX
Python anti-harassment policy as a starting point. This Code of Conduct,
like its inspiration, is licensed under the Creative Commons Zero
license.
