July-12-2007
############
:date: 2007-07-12 00:55
:author: admin
:category: code, MeetingNotes, Snippets
:slug: july-12-2007
:status: published

The meeting opened up with lots of interesting rumors, speculation and
general kibitzing about Google's plans for the new CB location. Who
knows for sure — but lots of fun in the mean time.

Jeff gave a presentation
on \ `Crunchy <http://crunchy.sourceforge.net/>`__. Talk about a gee
whiz app. We poked at it with sticks
and \ `xkill <http://www.xfree86.org/current/xkill.1.html>`__ to figure
out how/who had control of the tkinter/wx/gtk windows.

The graphics capabilities brought out some questions about graphing
packages available to Python. Jeff recalled a recent blog entry by
Fuzzyman a.k.a \ `Michael
Foord <http://www.voidspace.org.uk/python/weblog/>`__ about him looking
for a graphing package to use
with \ `IronPython <http://www.voidspace.org.uk/python/weblog/arch_d7_2007_06_23.shtml#e753>`__.
A bit of googling and \ `gnuplot <http://gnuplot.info/>`__ was found.

Next was a question about xml parsers from someone new to Python and
while no one was definitive, we suggested that they look
at \ `elementtree <http://docs.python.org/lib/module-xml.etree.ElementTree.html>`__
and \ `lxml <http://codespeak.net/lxml/index.html>`__

The conversation then drifted towards web development. We had a java
programmer in the group who has been recently been
using \ `Django <http://www.djangoproject.com/>`__ and is becoming
enamored with Python. We gabbed
about \ `storm <https://storm.canonical.com/>`__ and news about how
the \ `TurboGears <http://turbogears.org/>`__ had started
implementing \ `TG2 <http://www.blueskyonmars.com/2007/06/27/turbogears-2-a-reinvention-and-back-to-its-roots/>`__
as an abstraction on top of \ `Pylons <http://pylonshq.com/>`__. There
was also talk of \ `mod\_wsgi <http://www.modwsgi.org/>`__ and how it is
different than \ `mod\_python <http://www.modpython.org/>`__. Jeff
shared a little bit about mod\_wsgi's embedded and daemon modes he had
picked up from Graham's recent \ `blog
entry <http://blog.dscpl.com.au/2007/07/web-hosting-landscape-and-modwsgi.html>`__.

The talk then veered in
to \ `lambda <http://docs.python.org/ref/lambdas.html>`__ and the java
types whispered "anonymous" <g> This quickly veered in to discussion on
how \ `binding <http://docs.python.org/ref/naming.html>`__ operates,
which lead to an impromptu demonstration of passing a function as an
argument to a function and how you assign a function to a dictionary
element.

::

    >>> def f(x):
    ...     return x*x
    ...
    >>> print f(2)
    4

    >>> def g(fn,x):
    ...   return apply(fn,[x])
    ...
    >>> g(f,2)
    4

    >>> d={}
    >>> d['foo']=f
    >>> print d['foo'](2)
    4

As the meeting came to a close, we decided to change the meeting time
from the 2nd Thursday of the month to the 1st Wednesday of the month. In
the case that a holiday coincides with or is immediately adjacent to
that day, the meeting will be held 1 week later on the second Tuesday.
There was also a motion to move the meeting location and two locations
were put up for consideration:

| \* Scooter's Java Express @ 120th and Blondo
| \* Student Union @ UNO's campus, 60th and Dodge

We will investigate these two locations and report back to the list for
a vote by early next week.

Brad S. won the Door Prize of "Python in a Nutshell, 2nd Edition". Tom
never contacted us to pick it up so he lost out from last month. Sorry
Tom.
