June-14-2007
############
:date: 2007-06-14 00:04
:author: admin
:category: MeetingNotes
:tags: MeetingNotes
:slug: june-14-2007
:status: published

Another banner meeting occurred this evening. Although it was a bit warm
there were some cool conversations going on at the meeting tonight.
There were questions and talk about, targeting

-  win32

   -  `ctypes <http://python.net/crew/theller/ctypes/>`__
   -  `win32all <http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=78018>`__

-  database

   -  `db api <http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0249/>`__
   -  `sqlalchemy <http://www.sqlalchemy.org/>`__

-  packaging

   -  `py2exe <http://www.py2exe.org/>`__
   -  `cx\_freeze <http://python.net/crew/atuining/cx_Freeze/>`__
   -  `distutils <http://www.python.org/community/sigs/current/distutils-sig/>`__
   -  `easy\_install <http://peak.telecommunity.com/DevCenter/EasyInstall>`__

-  UI

   -  `wxPython <http://www.wxpython.org/>`__
   -  `pythoncard <http://pythoncard.sourceforge.net/>`__

-  Web

   -  `django <http://www.djangoproject.com/>`__
   -  `turbogears <http://www.turbogears.org/>`__
   -  `pylons <http://pylonshq.com/>`__
   -  `mod\_python <http://www.modpython.org/>`__
   -  `cheetah <http://www.cheetahtemplate.org/>`__

Jeff gave a short presentation on the \ `subprocess
module <http://docs.python.org/dev/lib/module-subprocess.html>`__ The
slides and example code are available on the
website. \ http://www.omahapython.org/ He also gave a little demo of his
current internal project showing off subprocess, mod\_python and
pyRSS2Gen.

There was also a round of talk about using python as a tool to target
multiple platforms at once, giving the user leverage to move between
those platforms as they see fit. Also the ability of python to leverage
existing code and services. A number of the attendees illustrated this
topic by talking about how they are using python to build on existing
resources and integrate systems on the application and OS level. It is
interesting to see Python being used in banks and hospitals.

As with previous meetings, kudos to Jay and Reboot The User for
graciously donating the space for the gathering. Pizza and Pop sponsored
by DM&T.

The door prize winner tonight, Todd, will receive "Python in a Nutshell,
2nd Edition" courtesy of O'Reilly. Unfortunately I left the house in
such a rush tonight, that I didn't remember to bring it along. Todd, if
you are going to be at the OLUG East luncheon Friday, I will have it
with me and you can get it there. Otherwise, email me off list and we
can make arrangements to get it to you pdq.

Mark your calendars early, July 12, and don't miss out on the fun. Here
is gCal link so you can add it to \ `your
calendar <http://www.google.com/calendar/render?cid=epouplrdducr6atraggiflnfeg%40group.calendar.google.com>`__.

We'll be giving away something for a door prize. There will be food and
drink and hopefully many more "lightning" talks about projects by local
python developers.

Source: \ `OmahaPythonUserGroup - PythonInfo
Wiki <http://wiki.python.org/moin/OmahaPythonUserGroup>`__
